Add field selector filtering examples for silenced to API overview (#2241)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/api/overview.md

{{< /highlight >}}

#### Filter silenced resources and silences

**Filter silenced resources by namespace**

To list all silenced resources for a particular namespace (in this example, the `default` namespace):

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.namespace == "default"'
{{< /highlight >}}

Likewise, to list all silenced resources *except* those in the `default` namespace:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.namespace != "default"'
{{< /highlight >}}

**Filter silences by creator**

To list all silences created by the user `alice`:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN" http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.creator == "alice"'
{{< /highlight >}}

To list all silences that were not created by the `admin` user:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN" http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \

> --data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.creator == "admin"'

Author: ```suggestion
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.creator != "admin"'
```

{{< /highlight >}}

**Filter silences by silence subscription**

To retrieve silences with a specific subscription (in this example, `linux`):

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN" http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=silenced.subscription == "linux"'
{{< /highlight >}}

Another way to make the same request is:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $SENSU_ACCESS_TOKEN" http://127.0.0.1:8080/api/core/v2/silenced -G \
--data-urlencode 'fieldSelector=linux in silenced.subscription'
{{< /highlight >}}

{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: For this field selector, `subscription` means the subscription specified for the silence.

> In other words, this filter retrieves **silences** with a particular subscription, not silenced resources with a particular subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, this filter retrieves **silences** with a particular subscription, not silenced entities or checks with a matching subscription.
```
